Dawn Ninham: Oh, good morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you, oh
Dawn Ninham: Good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good. I'm
Dawn Ninham: Good, I'm good. I'm actually like in pain. I have a toothache, but I already went to. I got it. But nine
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it
Dawn Ninham: Kind of got a fright, because I read that somebody sent me that Facebook post that
Dawn Ninham: Said that they were going to shut down the man to break any testing. Now, hold on.
Dawn Ninham: It's ok ok ok ok
Dawn Ninham: I'm basically that thing that says it that will scream Barbara for was going to shut down all of like the whole United States of America are supposed to Stanford act or something like that. I like
Dawn Ninham: Somebody else call it something else, but they're going to shut down. Yeah, the entire United States of America and like the next 72 hours for two weeks straight
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: No, I had the post. I was going to show you how to do the unfolds you and you that show you just said.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh god, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's on Facebook.
Dawn Ninham: Oh my. Yeah, my brother in law said to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
Dawn Ninham: Like if I could touch my phone good pictures I can play since you've got a regular phone number.
Dawn Ninham: But, um, anyways. It's kind of freaking out. So knowing adds to the guy didn't want to be stuck here for two weeks. You know, die or something, some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dry
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I wouldn't affection and
Dawn Ninham: Er, just are not urgent care just now, and I had
Dawn Ninham: I was already there 10 minutes tops and my blood pressure was 149 93 though.
Dawn Ninham: Apparently a skirt and a good weight, but apparently it scared them. I don't know why. Like I don't usually have high blood pressure that really high.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's Hi. Oh.
Dawn Ninham: Was like to do in pain because
Dawn Ninham: This is it's not a DevOps, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: It's like you're my next this time so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So did they give you antibiotics. Yes.
Dawn Ninham: And I'm currently being filled so
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: But I've been doing more research. So, and I'm just excited. I wanted to talk to you last week I was excited but well for made an appointment at
Dawn Ninham: 10 O'clock for me to see them. I went to the hospital and Pete for what urinated for you guys called you from there and they said that it would be okay thanks for calling in beforehand but
Dawn Ninham: I didn't get out of welfare to like 1045 and it wasn't able to make time to talk to you, but I wanted to
Dawn Ninham: Because I had been doing research. Let's see here.
Dawn Ninham: I got my tool notebooks out
Dawn Ninham: Daily journal every like morning or night.
Good.
Dawn Ninham: We've been going to meetings like one, two a week at least. I've been making so far.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, good. Getting signatures. Um, but I went on that women for sobriety.
Dawn Ninham: Uh huh. And I wrote down all the Acceptance. Acceptance statements.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, and read all about it. So I can take one day, you know, wake up. You read the positive statements and re one day and that and I take time to reflect on it, how it affected me throughout the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Dawn Ninham: So far I've just been writing down how you know to be like
Dawn Ninham: How I just to positive. Well, I have a lot of negative thoughts I realized Holy moly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Like, everything is like totally it's conspiracy or slander like I even thought, Oh my gosh, like they took my visits from
Dawn Ninham: All my this to one hour a week.
Dawn Ninham: Because coronavirus right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Dawn Ninham: So, um, I was like, freaking out first. I was like, Oh my gosh, I wonder if she says County, because nobody else said they have only one hour a week.
Dawn Ninham: But I was really good. And I just, I just, you know, quite a little bit to her. She said, don't worry, don't worry. Every by
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. And you know, you have to remember that the United States as well. But the world is in this national emergency thing and you know it's nothing personal. I think it's just you know what they're trying to contain and control, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sucks badly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but we just got to kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: roll with it, you know.
Dawn Ninham: I don't want to affect my, you know, I had two months to inform us to
Dawn Ninham: You know, work on everything proud of myself. I don't want this you know month of this Brian virus or whatever to affect my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It seems to me that if it did. If it does, don't get there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that there's a case in that because, you know, this isn't out of your control.
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're still doing everything that you possibly need to do you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Dawn Ninham: I wouldn't got paperwork yesterday.
Dawn Ninham: I haven't already filled out right there to go turn him today for a god cuz
Dawn Ninham: I'm good. It's 100 bucks for him and mutable test. And it just so happens, they're rolling around to her, it'll be the end of his two weeks and we're broke and then bam, little car car will come up on Friday, we don't get paid till Monday, you know,
Dawn Ninham: We found a solution to that which is he's gonna put all this money on to a card that want to go into effect for a Muslim, he goes, Johnny pull second and
Dawn Ninham: I was just going with everything. Like, you know, just letting it roll off me and just, I'm just have to stay clean that I'm sort of thinking and government meetings and stuff to it. I'm gonna go inside so sad thing and
Dawn Ninham: And go and test for them because they'll put me on cars is more. It's free.
Dawn Ninham: And good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. See, you're doing all the work you're doing everything you need to do, you know,
Dawn Ninham: I have to know that I do on a
Dawn Ninham: 10% that that I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. And that's the end result of this whole thing. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I went
Dawn Ninham: Out yesterday, it's actually, it's actually the same building, mental health, and it was you think of dollars into building here.
Dawn Ninham: So I filled out the paperwork to see the lady you know today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For today.
Dawn Ninham: And I tell people work to see to get into that dual diagnosis thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We've been able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've been able able to stay clean through this whole thing.
Dawn Ninham: Of, like, it was like a week and a half ago or something, I don't know if my test came back dirty, but
Dawn Ninham: It might have, but not I don't leave my level very high because we weren't like two hits and that's when I realized like, what the fuck am I doing like this can help me at all.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, Chuck, you know, as well as I'm from I'm doing good right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Yeah. Okay, you know, just
Dawn Ninham: Emotional and all that only because they're going on like I I took my Laura this morning.
Dawn Ninham: Send them a picture of the
Dawn Ninham: Visa. Thank you for thank you for thinking of me. And then he said,
Dawn Ninham: Are you are you said you are doing what you're supposed to be doing. And he's like, I imagine any classes or or whatever classes are going to be shut down. So hopefully you're testing but you know they're not testing. I texted him saying, hey, I'm getting into the program.
Dawn Ninham: We only had two tests. And in the last three weeks you're in a month. So when we didn't have no control over was right after court and then
Dawn Ninham: there's only been one so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Just make sure that you stick with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know with that in that you
Dawn Ninham: Know, Kathy twice a week. Hopefully I'm gonna ask them for different cars and Jeff know I have to worry about me your thumbs up. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. You know, this is, this is like this is a tough time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And, you know, you've got to make sure that whatever you do whatever happens that you just don't use
Dawn Ninham: You know what I mean. Exactly. I have to, I have to know that the system is not fragile, I have to know that I i do my hundred 10% I'm gonna get a kickback
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and that's me. Yeah, you're not doing this for for Muslim and it's tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the name, but go guys have been
Dawn Ninham: Talking about you.
Dawn Ninham: get older, what
Dawn Ninham: I thought about him and I know maybe not yet. I want to be doing good. First, you know, trying to brag about but
Dawn Ninham: And then I'll set it to post apparently her eight year old daughter just died. My niece.
Dawn Ninham: I didn't want to, um,
Dawn Ninham: You know now texture like she's gone through everything so
Dawn Ninham: I don't know why she died how she died. She died.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's a good time for you to reach out connect with her. She probably needs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That support, and I can tell you that by getting out of your own getting out of your own self, getting out of your own stuff and and and being there for somebody else really helps with a lot of the thoughts inside your head.
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I would encourage you to reach out to her for, you know, for family support over what she's going through, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And eventually, you know, you guys will get around hopefully to, you know, be support for one another. You know what I mean. But I know from experience what it's like to lose a child, and I can tell you that it is the worst thing that you can ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go through, you know,
Dawn Ninham: So that I could
There's no way
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I encourage you to make that can that connection with her and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get justice support her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which will help you. You know what I mean, it's like a selfish selfless thing to do. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But getting out of self will help you walk through this process a little bit
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I can get a hold of her tonight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, you know, just making contact with her for her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean and being a support for her will help you stay out of your head. It's kind of crazy how that works just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you can't like, and they probably are. And, you know, I'm hearing all over in different areas that they are, they have been closing down na meetings but or a meetings, anything that has, you know, social social gathering, but I encourage you to continue with the online.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I mean, yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Nothing yet, but I did read everything about it.
Dawn Ninham: Took the acceptance statements and then you know I want those books, but they're like 40 bucks 39 some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which books.
Dawn Ninham: They're called um
Dawn Ninham: It's like a workbook. He can work on like on your team better
Dawn Ninham: They're called
Dawn Ninham: Oh yeah, the beginner special there's four books in one. It's like 39 eight years. But then the second one is like reflection for growth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a new books that I haven't heard of
No.
Dawn Ninham: Beginner especially you get like four to four which is cool, you know, I mean, I think I try that one. And then maybe the 2499 when the reflection for growth. Maybe that's what that's what I'll be doing later like we should reflect on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. I just got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Excuse me, I just downloaded women. Women in recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Library, and it's a workbook with a woman's way is what it's called.
Dawn Ninham: A woman's way okay I'm write that out right now.
Dawn Ninham: My little black book.
Dawn Ninham: Literally right
Dawn Ninham: It's a notebook for all this stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a woman's way through the 12 steps is what it's called. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The step before the steps introductions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it really kind of goes through everything from a woman's perspective.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Like, just to learn, you
Dawn Ninham: Know why they came up 15 minutes late.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My lonely. Oh, the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For your appointment.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah account 15 minutes late. So you think you would go like, you know, 1045 or something to tell me, hey, never white man.
Dawn Ninham: Tells me 1115 more Marty late. No, but I'm on the phone.
Dawn Ninham: Or yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just kind of reading the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We mentor we admitted. We were powerless over alcohol that our lives became unmanageable. So it's still, you know, even in here, even in this one, it kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Focuses
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On alcohol. It uses alcohol a lot, but it's about women in recovery from any addiction.
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we can kind of because I wish I could like share this book with you.
Dawn Ninham: And let you. I'm gonna look it up and do like a
Phone.
Dawn Ninham: Because he's been while he's really excited to 30 you know I look up stuff.
Dawn Ninham: I didn't realize yesterday. Somebody said, Vietnam. Vietnam is not a country and I can't believe I didn't know what it was. I looked at him like, and all of a sudden, it says, Oh, no, Vietnam, Asia, so I looked up and we treat filtered locating it and he
Dawn Ninham: Said cannot be located for my friends are laughing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, it is funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I also downloaded each day, a new beginning. It's called. It's a daily meditation for women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let me read to you what what today says, Okay, yeah, it says noble deeds and hot baths are the best cure for depression.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of ironic because we're talking about your sister.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Depression feeds on itself with attention it worsens but there are places for attention. We can move
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our focus to a woman who is close by a woman who is struggling, struggling to determine her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: direction in life we can offer our ears or we can observe attended really attentively today. All the women, children and men, we see on the streets.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When we notice their expressions we will we realize they too may be suffering.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing something for someone else will lessen our own problems. No matter what the cause. In fact, just doing something will lift our spirits.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Depression becomes habitual and habits, even those that are detrimental are easily easy to hang on to when we take action even a small one, we can note the change action that benefits. Another is guaranteed to benefit us as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't that funny depression doesn't get worse with self pitying attention. Wait, depression, does get worse with self pitying attention.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: However, attention to ourselves that is nurturing has its place. We can pamper ourselves but not pitting ourselves pampering reflects approval caring self respect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three attitudes inconsistent with depression, even more than inconsistent pampering and depression are incongruent. They don't go together. In other words, if you're putting if you're focusing on self care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're taking care of yourself. It's hot. It's hard to sit in a depressive depressive state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Depression must be coddled to maintain it, it's my choice to move beyond, beyond it at any moment. I can put something besides my problem at my center today and enjoy the results.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so it's kind of amazing because we're talking about you, you know, reaching out to your sister and and there you know what I mean. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that just kind of confirms exactly what I said it's funny. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just read. I haven't, you know, I didn't read that this morning myself. So it's amazing to me that it really reflects on what we're, you know, talking about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy how some of those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some of the meditation books do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Dawn Ninham: Even church. I work all the time I was, I wrote my drill that down. Like I was thinking circles like low is weird, like that. I was, you know, teenager, I used to go to church and then like I just, I was in the choir, I would use group every Wednesday and all of a sudden I just
Dawn Ninham: I just took a different route. I know like stop.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it happens when we start engaging in other you know behaviors and other being around other unhealthy people, you know, doing things, you know, with other people. But, you know, in the beginning of this whole thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The beginning of, you know, the wrong path or the path that leads us to addiction. It's like it's the feeling of being accepted by others. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, is the big picture of it all. And if you think back to it. It's like that connection you feel accepted you feel you know these people are cool reality together.
Dawn Ninham: Give me attention. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: Why did I even go to them. Oh, they're giving me attention.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, no.
Dawn Ninham: I'll accept that was getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that it works until it doesn't work anymore and it doesn't matter what we try to do as far as recovery goes if we do it halfway, but we try to do things halfway. It never works out. Right. And then we get frustrated because it's like, you know, I'm trying my best and it's not working.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the reality is
Dawn Ninham: Really not the best five know I
Dawn Ninham: pulled it up right and we're right there and he was trying to like say that we will screw up for this. Now, I'm like, I'm like, it's our own fault you know even like
Dawn Ninham: Seriously, you got to take responsibility for your own our students, our own fault. No we shouldn't know if women testing.
Dawn Ninham: The entire time after we knew we knew that we had the court case, we thought we had it as if we were to just not tested through the next month and a half, like we did, we would have just kept testing with you probably would have one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Same time but sitting in what it should have couldn't
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, exactly.
Dawn Ninham: I know what I have to do. And I know what I didn't do so I'm that's what I'm going to do.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's an awesome place to be. You know what I'm yes reflection and moving forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's not about beating yourself up and staying and guilt and wishing that it would have changed because the past is written. It can't change it. You can only do you know move forward and do something different. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: My daughter sent me a letter. I'm the one that's in
Dawn Ninham: Down there, and Sacramento.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, and she sent me an awesome letter like
Dawn Ninham: I'm going to use. I'm going to like read every morning just because it lived. It made me feel really, really good. And when I read it so
Good.
Dawn Ninham: About being her mother, you know, because I was like gambling like kids and I think again.
Dawn Ninham: You know, because I am my other daughter is dealing with a bunch of stuff to her boyfriend. I'm like, What did I
Dawn Ninham: Did I need you to be more, you know, like ended. Ended. No, I must O'clock daughter to be codependent. We'll see you down. Like I there's so many things that I wanted to do. Right. But I did wrong, but, um, but my daughter something interesting that
Dawn Ninham: No matter what happens, you know, I mean, I was like, I'm, I'm a good mom and she loves me and
Dawn Ninham: And just stay strong and she's like, it looks clean and sober right now so proud of her. I wish I didn't want her go into that group home that when I found out it was a group home fast treatment if you wanted to go. I was like, oh, that I was down for you know what happened but
Dawn Ninham: I wasn't gonna chip rock to a group home in Sacramento until I got to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See the so good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And during that. See, there you go. Because you know her doing that has, you know, really open the door for building on your relationship with her in a healthy way and giving you a little bit of great affirmation that you know what i mean that you need.
Dawn Ninham: Any
Dawn Ninham: Like bush mom. She's like, I can't, you know, it's just like, I can't believe out of all the people that we know and I can't believe it was your kids, they're not taking out you know everybody that we know and
Dawn Ninham: Everything was just like, what, what, what, what is up with that. And I'm like,
Dawn Ninham: I don't know, you know, everything happens for a reason. So I just have to
Dawn Ninham: Deal with it. I'll do, I'll get you back, cuz I gotta figure out somewhere to go and four months when I graduate. I'm like, you're coming on.
Dawn Ninham: He's like, he's like, I'm not going back to a buster buster. I'm like, I know you're coming home.
Dawn Ninham: You know,
She's 15
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
She was
Dawn Ninham: She was 14 which went in there, but it's been 18 to 20 months now, they've been in touch care when we got back, the first six months. It doesn't say nothing about that. And the court report. It doesn't say it says the wrong judge took the kids. It says all different name.
Dawn Ninham: And says, I have a different where all the dishes or maybe it's too much. It's just weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know. Well, I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can tell you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From my past experience that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that's a normal occurrence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be accurate in the paperwork. You know, you know, a little bit of self disclosure my kids I have three adult children and when they were young.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Under five, they were taken for me to and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I scrutinize the court documents I scrutinize the paperwork and there was nothing in there that was accurate, you know, and I don't care how many times I highlighted it and took it in and said, you know, was this. These are all lies. You know,
Dawn Ninham: Contact. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Um, but when I finally surrendered and realize that none of that really matters. What matters is what I'm doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now I'm presenting myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How I'm responding to their
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Constant.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: put downs and leggings and and probes and whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When I quit responding to it or reacting to it in a manner that was unhealthy for me because every time I did it. You know, it just kind of confirmed all the lies.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so once I start, I realized that and I backed up and I surrendered and just put my heart and soul into doing what was on that that plan to complete, you know, I got my my kids came home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just figured out that it was better to not engage in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know there. It's almost like they try to provoke you to react in a manner that they can confirm that you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Down there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so it's really about building up your, your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Resilience your perseverance and your motivation to not engage in the whatever that no matter what they say. But to present your proof that you're doing.
Dawn Ninham: It in itself like you're not supposed to, you know, as bullying you and I was supposed to encourage them to walk away.
Dawn Ninham: Right, so yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And especially in this scenario because it's like anything that you do or anything that you don't do is on the table in court.
Dawn Ninham: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean. And if you are 100% transparent and you are doing what you know you're supposed to do. That's what gets put on the table.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, what I mean.
Dawn Ninham: That's what I want to make sure I go to court.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just know that. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I had
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That happen you know 30 years ago you know with my kids. And so I see the consistency of that happening in other people all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so just
Dawn Ninham: Consistency, like, you know, I've been wanting to stick to that schedule and getting up and walking the dogs and i think i started two days it because it's cool to have in the morning, my. These are so bad.
Dawn Ninham: So, um, and then now. Like what am I going to do like I usually look forward, you know, I'm like, Get Up Kids dogs out doing morning thing.
Dawn Ninham: You know, decrease our direct festival all that and then bring jobs back in and then boom, it's already time to leave because the kids.
Dawn Ninham: Now I'm like oh my god stuck in the house for two are stuck here for two weeks. I could do that. But what am I gonna look forward to in the daytime. I kind of like a real to my kids, but once week so
Dawn Ninham: Let's look forward to in a way that you know because he's going to be going to work, and I can. That's where I'm going to go. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, it really dive into, you know, your recovery right now to help fulfill you know it's not gonna, it's not going to be the same.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you rather be with your children, but the more that you're working on yourself. And the more that you're feeding your recovery. And that's what's going to grow.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, good.
Dawn Ninham: Before i know i i was like on top of the world so strong. So strong for both of us.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, it was way strong as you get that back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can do it.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I can take my medication because if I you know my supply stock on it. That's when it gets worse. So
Dawn Ninham: keep taking a daily and do I self care.
Dawn Ninham: I can always
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Button on your phone, you can always go to YouTube and look up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Recovery speaker meetings and put your put your earphones. You know, in your ear or yeah even just play it out loud, even if if your partner sleeping, but being able to feed feed the goodness
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feel good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Get that positive energy going you know with inside your brain to combat those negative thoughts. There's what they should is those all of that is that stuff that can hold us into
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in place and not let us move forward. But, you know, there's so many different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh, there's so many different videos. There's so many TED Talk is huge on that kind of stuff.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, that's what that one guy said, yeah, I wrote that down and I actually looked it up and kept toxin. There's like a bunch of others like four or five different ones. And I was
Dawn Ninham: And then he wanted to go somewhere, something so I like put on put on pause or kept it you know my history or whatever. So I could go back to it never did.
Dawn Ninham: Or the insight reader. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's just so much that you can do like in your put it in your but a lot of times what happens in early recovery is daily meditations, people are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People are doing. And I'm pretty sure I'm not hundred percent sure that you can go to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: An A daily meditations and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe download or read the daily meditation every morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because really helps with, you know, fill your mind with recovery and fill your mind with encouragement positivity to help you, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Face whatever happens during the days, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you can't get to a meeting go into that one for women in recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Meeting.
Dawn Ninham: All my thing. Yeah, I'm gonna
Dawn Ninham: I'm gonna sign up
Dawn Ninham: So if I gotta
Dawn Ninham: Get 123 have a broker or your two different programs and then I'm in the middle of personal whatever and then going to see you and stay with the doctor doctor and then go into the extra knows when I don't do that stuff should be busy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good because if you're feeling there. Again, if you're filling your recovery with positivity and you're, you know, not it's not using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya know,
Dawn Ninham: That'll work. Got it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will okay you know people. People see your motivation people see you know your derive to continue on your desperation in recovery. You know what I mean. And that's what they get to take out of it from you. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I want I want it to not anyways like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I remember. Okay, so here's, you know, just a healthy tool for you that whenever you're around people that are, you know, still using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to bring that that thought process up into the forefront of your mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you when it's around you. You have to say, you know, what do I want to get out of this.
Dawn Ninham: Right, that's our last one, like, what am I doing like I'm getting nowhere right here, right now I'm getting nowhere.
Dawn Ninham: I'm taking two steps backwards right now. So that's my left and right, left.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm so I'm so proud of you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You kill you know
Dawn Ninham: I was so proud. I was like, I have. And then I just stressed it I guess I stress them out because like it seemed like I was lecturing him, but I wasn't, I was like, you have your own choices in your own I have my own yes the way I'm glad.
Dawn Ninham: You got wounded. I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's, that's awesome. Because the only thing you have control over is you your actions, your you know what you are doing. You don't have control over anybody else. And really, you know, doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Says you know I can't, you can't engage in it. There's no half measures in it. You know what I mean. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, well maybe if I do a little over here, everything will be okay. And it just, it just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it just doesn't accept a lot more guilt and a lot more shame and a lot more stuff that you don't need piled on your plate anymore.
Dawn Ninham: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're moving forward. You've got a plan. Yeah, you know,
Dawn Ninham: Stuff, can you come up, like, for some reason, everything starts to work out, you know, all of a sudden you know your car tune up as like running great and
Dawn Ninham: You know everything's just use the word out where you're going down, you'll ever be as lost like you lose it. Because, you know, you know, you lose them all your
Dawn Ninham: Crap, your dog is just like everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really what happens
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we've got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, these are all like life, things that are out of our control. And we've just got to kind of adapt and adjust to the best of our ability with them. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but they're easier to deal with when we are on the right path and we are doing things, you know, differently. Yeah, and you
Dawn Ninham: Do on April 2 so that's for a whole month so I'm all I have to work on, you know, worry about me.
Dawn Ninham: I'll be home do what I gotta do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you going to, how are you going to manage the time alone.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, um,
Dawn Ninham: I usually always so on anyway.
Dawn Ninham: I got you know him and everybody else around by it. So anyway, so I just do my own thing. I was just take care of my dogs and clean my house. Once everything done usually just, you know, either write stuff down or taking out like an hour nap does wonders for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And don't forget that if you're engaging in recovery. I don't care if it's online meetings, you're going to get connections with women that you'll be able to communicate with on those times when you're struggling with loneliness.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I was on call you like was a Sunday as he
Dawn Ninham: Was like, Well, no, she didn't, you know, if I could even, you know, join the thing, if it would come up and you were available on like a wonderful. Well, I'm like, No, it's Sunday on Sunday, I said.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, if they're in, I believe that they have somebody in the virtual clinic. Get on it anytime and what they'll do is they'll call me or text me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And asked if I'm available to be able to meet with you so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, so just know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean that it is something that's available, and I am here to support you in any way possible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. And I know you can do this don't
Dawn Ninham: Know, I know I
Dawn Ninham: Yes, I can. I know I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know you know one thing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing about recovery is that it's doable. It's just not easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm here to encourage you and to, you know, let you know that the end result is going to be phenomenal and
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I need that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Badly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how's your depression.
Dawn Ninham: I'm good. Like, I'll be like a one roll the kids you know like nothing is, you know, depressing at all, then I guess I'm just
Dawn Ninham: I don't, I sent. Actually, I usually tell them I'm like, don't cry or whatever and but yesterday I. These are just try or cheer up and I'm like, Oh honey, I'm like, it's okay to cry cry.
Dawn Ninham: Cry and I held them and
Dawn Ninham: Relate blades like oh my god, what's wrong with him and like nothing. He just wants to come home. This is me. So I'm you know, it's letting them know it's okay to cry. Don't let that stuff out sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and that's her baby.
Dawn Ninham: That's my 11 year old.
Baby. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think our first
Dawn Ninham: Boy, I had to I to like a chapter my fourth girl.
Dawn Ninham: And then
Dawn Ninham: She was born on 10 105 and then all of a sudden I got like choose cut type bird never gonna have more kids and all of a sudden I found out was
Dawn Ninham: Five months or five months. Five days pregnant. They didn't know what it was. They didn't know every stage. She saw girls, they didn't know. And all of a sudden he came out and he was a boy just that it's a bird no for a giveaway, you know need it was so awesome. Yeah, and then
Dawn Ninham: He was he's like so magical like you were sitting there on the couch. He goes,
Dawn Ninham: OH, SORRY BROTHER circuit plays him and then I got Geoffrey and
Dawn Ninham: And he was a boy.
Dawn Ninham: And then
Dawn Ninham: Another baby.
Dawn Ninham: And I was like, Oh man, I love the
Dawn Ninham: Regular Logan.
Dawn Ninham: I've covered. Anybody who has a baby that's walk the other way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable.
Definitely, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So are you. Did you get fakes. How did I don't understand if they went to the obviously they didn't go in and do what they said they were going to do if you were
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I got your paperwork is that that is a tubal ligation to cut 1.2 inches on one on one side and burnout side and then 1.4 and we're now and
Dawn Ninham: I want to watch that Tom and Jerry series you know where. Where's the temperature goes down the whole thing on that that skateboard.
Dawn Ninham: And I bring you guys up the Aaron shoots me hit the other way up. I'm thinking, Man, I wonder if that was my
Dawn Ninham: Tube, you know,
Dawn Ninham: One side.
Dawn Ninham: To the other side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, that's crazy to you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I must have missed a spot.
Dawn Ninham: Something because all of a sudden, you know, it's weird. I was praying that we had gotten a new apartment.
Dawn Ninham: And my sister strawberry. The one I was talking about how how the boy.
Dawn Ninham: And I was like, oh, that's when I held my, oh my God, I wish I had a boy, what's the how I get fixed. You know, we were I was praying to Joe practicing with the Jehovah Witnesses ladies. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: And they were going to try to prove to me. I wanted to know when the timings. I needed to know what's going to happen for you at the end gets here, but she took me through all kinds of stuff. And, um, yeah. And I swear it was because I was
Dawn Ninham: Praying with them or, you know, studying with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's perfect.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, so it was born on Turkey's were on 10 one I had gotten fixed in that film was one on 110
Dawn Ninham: Oh, wow. Three years later. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's pretty. That's a pretty amazing story.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. And
Dawn Ninham: Again, until I get a lawyer lawyer lawyer, I get public defenders.
Dawn Ninham: I do have a lot fix me until I get a lawyer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a
Dawn Ninham: Medical thing where it's like, it's already been paid work, but it didn't work, but they won't you know doctoral actually they throw their hands up. Nope. They need to get a lawyer, verse
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wonder why.
Dawn Ninham: Because the chances of you know, tying them. I guess maybe they're scared that it won't work either. I don't know. But he said, Go get water.
Dawn Ninham: So I'm would fill it with Logan was heads up, they were talking about fixing them. Yes. You know, I mean, this can be cool. I'm gonna get fixed year after looking, I'm not. Why not, why have more kids. And then he decided to go heads down to you know that when he put the bag on the Saturday.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I'll sudden by twos, you know, Tuesday morning I was having too many was heads down so I didn't get fixed.
Dawn Ninham: I'm like, great thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's just insane.
Dawn Ninham: But my depression is so bad, like anyways, like we normally don't have sex because I just don't, I don't have like the drive, you know, like, I don't think you should like that.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you've got a lot that you're going through and it makes perfect sense that you don't have any interest in that right now. You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I can tell you that it does get better. Oh, and let's not even talk about the rainy weather, because that the, you know, really compacts or compounds, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Direction and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is where I'm at.
Dawn Ninham: Oh,
Dawn Ninham: It's just been cold here like it's just been funny but way cold.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's rainy here. I mean, Sacramento.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, you're right.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, oh my goodness ru ru by a lexical Loomis
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I think I'm probably 1520 miles from Loomis
Dawn Ninham: And I got my 15 year old George here. She's at the
Dawn Ninham: What's it called
Dawn Ninham: Quitting yeah that's what she is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When any I've heard of that.
He
Dawn Ninham: Yep, she's on King, King road or whatever.
Dawn Ninham: Quantity. Yes, I love that little map thing. We went down there.
Dawn Ninham: I we didn't get lost or nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out of the Google Maps. Awesome huh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, did you buy for the quarter. So go over. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing. Okay, so tell me what you're gonna do this week.
Dawn Ninham: The week of the day.
Dawn Ninham: If not,
Dawn Ninham: For the week, I'm going to go to the ER. I'm going to go turn in that packets already have filled out so I can get on the free Teller system.
Dawn Ninham: Ok and go to try. I'm planning on going to na our to have a ride, for somebody to bring me home.
Dawn Ninham: Because I'm going to invite him to work.
Dawn Ninham: Boom get dropped off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah.
And then
Dawn Ninham: And I just wake up every morning thinking with the women from writing. I'm look up the other two to
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: It's my pleasure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're going to work on.
Dawn Ninham: Consistency
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're planning on calling your sister tonight. Yeah, okay, good. And I'm telling you, afterwards, you'll feel a lot better, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'll just kind of help you get out of your own head for a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And focus on somebody else's needs, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'll be good. It will be and just know that there's a prize at the end of this and you know all the hurt and negative feelings that you feel going through it at the end of it, you'll be so glad that you did.
Dawn Ninham: I know, I know you didn't amazing
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: And I apologize to my kiddos magic, right, like I was physically there always
Dawn Ninham: Maybe spiritually, but not like always, mentally, you know. Cuz, cuz they they want the eye contact, they're like, well, you know, can you like
Dawn Ninham: Whatever you know but you're not looking. They want you to look at them unless you know, listen, or whatever. I know because I strive, a lot of home games. Let's look and listen to regular
Dawn Ninham: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did you spend a lot of time in in your bedroom.
Dawn Ninham: No, that's, that's where I was like, you know, out doing, you know, clean up the house or but I did spend more time like I am going outside. You know, I mean like going somewhere like I just like, I'll get ready to go. And we're all going to go, but then I just I
Dawn Ninham: Don't know. I just freaked myself out. And I, I don't want to go everybody else does like you guys can't survive. So, you know, I don't want to hold forever. So what's really suck.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now, now you've got to be on the go, all the time.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, and I need to go. Yeah, so I'm trying to address I gotta go. So I'm
Dawn Ninham: Like I'm still, I can handle anything anything and everything, every class. Everything is just about excited my little my mind doesn't think about anything like that. Maybe that's what
Dawn Ninham: I don't know, but I don't want to get starting off to go somewhere, you know how to have to get stoned to go somewhere that's crazy. So
Dawn Ninham: Yeah. On bill just wake up and be able to go and I need to. I don't want to
Dawn Ninham: Yes, lot of self esteem issues that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, yes, you are very much so, you know, and I'm hoping that you know getting up and getting into this whole routine and fill your mind with positivity will really help with, you know, your self esteem stuff too, you know. And the great part about it in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here is here's a good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here's a good dose of of positivity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If your children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Love you so unconditionally.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't matter. You know what your self esteem issues are they don't see you through through those issues.
Dawn Ninham: I know it's great. Like my was like they just were so much there's so awesome like
Dawn Ninham: And they're all so different and they just looked
Dawn Ninham: At my it's just they're amazing. They deserve the world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and that world is you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they deserve you
Dawn Ninham: Know, Jeff was can become like he's like, man, you could take care of all your kids. The neighbors kids while you're doing whatever you're doing our house. He's like, it is all you
Dawn Ninham: You can do it. He's like, and you know, teach the kids how to play golf, you know, he's like, what, that's
Dawn Ninham: I wasn't, I was not sit and I was because I was really like crying and negative, negative, you know, like just opened a print everything worked out. But he brought me out of it. That was cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. Yeah, don't sit in, don't sit in, you know, the hurts the frustration and the negativity too long. Allow yourself time to to process it a little bit, but then you know what I mean. Gotta
Dawn Ninham: Move on.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, by phone died last Friday when I was on the phone with you guys. All of a sudden I stood up for coffee and then all sudden, I was just nothing. I was like, Oh my gosh, Richard plugging into a contractor. What do you return on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When he hates. Okay.
Are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We knew you were going, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think you were having phone problems. Anyway, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're having some problems connection problems.
Dawn Ninham: I was. I thought I did record the water. What Dell. So if. What if I started the webmasters going I just switched data, we
Dawn Ninham: Are there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. We'll hang in there.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, one, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, if you find yourself in a place that you need to talk call virtual clinic. Okay. Yeah. And you and I will get together and will process it and talk it through. Okay.
Dawn Ninham: A few on Friday morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you on Friday morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, done. You have a great, great couple days. Yes. Okay. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can. Bye bye.